=head1 NAME

Bigtop::Docs::TOC - Table of Contents for Bigtop::Docs::* documentation modules

=head1 What Should I Read?

This document is a brief annotated list of each Bigtop::Docs::* module.

Here are the highlights:

    Very lazy people should start with Bigtop::Docs::QuickStart
    Merely lazy people should start with Bigtop::Docs::TentTut
    Those allergic to web apps should start with Bigtop::Docs::Tutorial
    Pedants should look in Bigtop::Docs::Syntax instead
    Bigtop developers should carefully read Bigtop::Docs::Modules

=over 4

=item C<Bigtop::Docs::About>

Describes the features and motivations of Bigtop.

=item C<Bigtop::Docs::Cookbook>

Modeled after the Perl Cookbook, this provides a list of things you might
want to do, the syntax needed to make Bigtop do them for you, and the
output produced by them.  It focuses on hand written bigtop files, rather
than on tentmaker.

=item C<Bigtop::Docs::Keywords>

A (fairly) complete list of keywords Bigtop understands in a compact text
file.  See Bigtop::Docs::QuickRef for most of the same information in
html tabular formatting or run tentmaker which shows complete information
in your browser.  Or look in Bigtop::Keywords where all the words should
be listed.

=item C<Bigtop::Docs::Modules>

Documents many of the modules in the bigtop distribution including at least:
Bigtop.pm and Bigtop::Parser.  This includes a description of the grammar
of the Bigtop language and how to work with it.  (Note that the grammar
is now in its own file called bigtop.grammar, but this has no effect on
the docs in Bigtop::Docs::Modules.  It may be out of date, but the extraction
of the grammar is not the reason.)

=item C<Bigtop::Docs::QuickRef>

This provides a somewhat complete list of all the keywords Bigtop understands
along with some examples in html form.  The depth of the tables involved
makes it somewhat difficult to use.  For a more compact version in plain
text, see Bigtop::Docs::Keywords or run tentmaker for complete information
in a different web format.  Or just look directly in Bigtop::Keywords where
all the keywords are defined.

=item C<Bigtop::Docs::QuickStart>

Guide for the truly impatient.  Explains how to build a complete auto-CRUD
app from the command line alone using either cheesy ASCII art or connection
information for a postgres 8 database.

=item C<Bigtop::Docs::Syntax>

This is meant to fully describe all of the syntax (including deprecations)
in the Bigtop language.  It is the encyclopedic version of
Bigtop::Docs::Keywords and is meant as complete documentation of
Bigtop::Keywords..

=item C<Bigtop::Docs::TentTut>

The tentmaker tutorial.  Explains in detail how to use tentmaker to edit
Bigtop files.  Filled with beautiful screen shots (sometimes, they are even
up to date).

=item C<Bigtop::Docs::TentRef>

A comprehensive tour of tentmaker which assumes you understand the material
from Bigtop::Docs::TentTut.

=item C<Bigtop::Docs::Tutorial>

If you don't like tentmaker, this is where you should start.  It walks
through building a moderately complex application from scratch using
a text editor to enter the proper Bigtop syntax.

=item C<Bigtop::Docs::Vim>

Explains how to install vim syntax highlighting for Bigtop source files.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Phil Crow

=cut
